Einstein lay on his bed racked with severe coughs. All around him, different heads of state and dignitaries were gathered as well as the most famous personalities of the century. He opened his eyes in the dim light and briefly became aware of the crowd of multitude that stood in his room.
‘Is the whole world anxious to see that I am finally off?’
Ben-Yehuda, the Israel prime minister replied
‘We only wish to spend our last days with you to the fullest’
He beckoned Ben-Yehuda forward. Respectfully the rest filed out of the room and waited outside in a buzz of expectancy. When the door was closed, Einstein gave a sigh.
‘I assume the whole world wants to see me go so that they can squabble over my legacy’. Ben-Yehuda felt a sharp pain as true to his nature, Einstein had hit the nail on the head. Nevertheless, his face betrayed no sign of emotion.
‘Ben, you and I go back a long way even before our respective rise to stardom. My heart aches for all those young promising scientists who are never given a chance simply because of one flimsy reason or the other through no fault of theirs. My last wish is that all my remaining earnings, my research papers, my lab, my equipment, everything  and whatever those personalities might wish to add should be used to create an institute of science which will be open to all scientists based solely on their skill and one that would solve problems that ail the common man.
There was an uncontrollable twitch which Einstein did not see as Ben-Yehuda struggled with the ‘I promise’. He continued, ‘its headquarters should be in a third world country in Africa, but one that has the prospect of becoming a primus inter pares in no distant time.
‘I promise’. However, Einstein was not done yet. He brought out a big black book with difficulty from the folds of his blanket. Ben-Yehuda realized that he must have been with it the whole time. He passed the book to Ben-Yehuda
‘Swear by the Talmud’
‘I swear by this Talmud in my hand that your last wish will be fulfilled’.
‘That is all I ask. Thank you very much, friend’. He stretched out his hands and hugged Ben-Yehuda who let his tears flow freely. Slowly they disengaged and Einstein lay back on the bed. He pointed at a table by the lampstand. Ben-Yehuda sat with him holding his hand till he finally closed his eyes
Grief-stricken at the loss of his friend, he sat for some time, sobbing silently. Slowly he stood up and went to the table. A file lay on it. Quietly he perused its contents.
A week later, the world and the UN perused it contents as well, and that was how the Scientific Construction, Innovation, Futuristic Institute, SCI-FI came into being.
For years it had grown in leaps and bounds. Owing to Ben-Yehuda being the first chairman despite his lack of interest in science, he was able to secure some of the first fruits for Israel, with the result that it came to fit the biblical description of a land flowing with milk and honey, more and more. SCI-FI’s host had also benefitted immensely from Einstein’s largesse. Nigeria had grown in leaps and bounds such that its position as the first in Africa was well established and in world politics, it couldn’t be pushed away so lightly. Everywhere, all able bodied scientists, came to try their luck in this corner of the world and gain a wealth of experience. A large proportion of them ended up being hermits dedicated and committed to Scientific Construction, Innovation, Education, Creativity and Existence. Nestled in the hills of Obollo, deep in Eke and surrounded by a myriad of snaking streams that entwined themselves all around to meet the Niger at different positions, it had survived unscathed the worst and best of the civil war, the turbulent economics crisis and even the excesses of the Nigerian heads of state. The Head Curator of those turbulent times, Tedrosi Ghebreyises, a small wiry Ethiopian who had isolated the Bode-Einstein condensate in nature had managed to make sure that neither Biafra nor Nigeria had access to those secrets. It had survived largely because the federal government, afraid to stifle their golden goose, kept it going. Now, it was self-reliant enough to stand without aid, dispensing its information and knowledge to the world and eliminating poverty poco a poco. Part of its work involved aiding the UN forces and recognized governments against rebels and terrorists. The past Head Curator, Kofio Anien had been a military analgineer before joining, SCI-FI. Under his head Selective War Technology (SWT) and Individual Ballistic Missiles were 
